doc/docs/tool.md, before:

PSLX provides a set of tools to assist development, and they include

1. Logging tool for ttl-ed logging.
2. File locker to ensure the atomic io of files.
3. LRU cache for caching.
4. SQL tool for connecting to SQL database and executing queries.          
5. Timeout tool to timeout a function in the main thread.        
6. Fetcher tool to fetch partitioned ProtoTable (whose values are of the same proto message type and keys are timestamps).
6. Watcher tool to fetch partitioned ProtoTable (whose values are of the same proto message type and keys are timestamps).


### Documentation for Logging Tool
To create a logging tool instance, please use
```python
__init__(name, date, ttl)
```
* Arguments:
    1. name: the name of the logger instance.
    2. date: the date that this logger is created, default to the current time.
    3. ttl: the ttl policy, default to be -1.

The logger supports multiple level logging, and one can call these by using the following functions

1. `info(string)`: for level = info.

2. `warning(string)`: for level = warning.
3. `debug(string)`: for level = debug.
4. `error(string)`: for level = error.

The logger output will be the format of 

`[initial_letter_of_logger_level logger_name file_name:line_number timestamp]: the logged information`

### Documentation for File Locker
FileLocker tool is used in combination within a with sentence, for instance for reading a file:
```python
with FileLocker(protected_file_path=file_name, read_mode=True):
    with open(file_name, 'r') as infile:
        ... ...
```
and for writing data to a file:
```python
with FileLocker(protected_file_path=file_name, read_mode=False):
    with open(file_name, 'w') as outfile:
        ... ...
```
FileLocker will raise error if the `protected_file_path` does not exist if `read_mode` is True.

### Documentation for Timeout Tool
The TimeoutTool can only be used in the main thread in the following way:
```python
with TimeoutTool(timeout=10):
    ... ...
```
then the enclosed program will time out after 10 seconds.

### Documentation for LRU Caching
LRU caching supports the following methods:
```python
__init__(max_capacity)
```
* Description: create a LRU cache with capacity equal max_capacity.
* Arguments:
    1. max_capacity: the maximum capacity of the LRU cache.

```python
get(key)
```
* Description: get the value stored in the key in the LRU cache.
* Arguments:
    1. key: the key of the value. If key is not found, the function will return None.
* Return: the value corresponding to the key.
    
```python
set(key, value)
```
* Description: set the key value pair to the cache.
* Arguments:
    1. key: the key of the pair to be inserted.
    2. value: the value of the pair to be inserted.

### Documentation for SQL Tool
SQL tool supports the following methods:
```python
__init__()
```
* Description: create an instance of the SQL tool.

```python
connect_to_database(credential, database)
```
* Description: connect to the database name with credential.
* Arguments:
    1. credential: the credential used to connect to the database.
    2. database: the name of the database that is going to be connected to.
    
```python
execute_query_str(query_str, modification)
```
* Description: execute the query string.
* Arguments:
    1. query_str: the string of the query to be executed.
    2. modification: boolean indicating whether the query will modify the database.
    
```python
execute_query_file(query_file, modification)
```
* Description: execute the query contained in a file.
* Arguments:
    1. query_file: the file that contains the query.
    2. modification: boolean indicating whether the query will modify the database.
    
Note that before executing any queries, please connect to a database first.

### Documentation for Fetcher Tool
Tool to fetch the latest, oldest data or data within a time range. This includes implementation of `LocalPartitionerFetcher`
 where the partitioner data is local or a `RemotePartitionerFetcher` what fetches the data from a remote server through rpc.

To initialize `LocalPartitionerFetcher`
```python
__init__(partitioner)
```
* Description: initialize a `LocalPartitionerFetcher`
* Arguments:
    1. partitioner: the partitioner object to fetch. It needs to have underlying storage of a `ProtoTableStorage`.


To initialize `RemotePartitionerFetcher`
```python
__init__(partitioner, server_url, root_certificate)
```
* Description: initialize a `RemotePartitionerFetcher`
* Arguments:
    1. partitioner_dir: the remote partitioner directory to fetch. It needs to have underlying storage of a `ProtoTableStorage`.
    2. server_url: the remote server url.
    3. root_certificate: the root_certificate for authentication.
    
Both `LocalPartitionerFetcher` and `RemotePartitionerFetcher` have the following implementations:
```python
fetch_latest()
```
* Description: fetch the latest data entry, sorted by the key.

```python
fetch_oldest()
```
* Description: fetch the oldest data entry, sorted by the key.


```python
fetch_range(start_time, end_time)
```
* Description: fetch the data whose key is within the range.


### Documentation for Watcher Tool
Tool to monitor a specific latest key. This includes implementation of `LocalPartitionerWatcher`
 where the partitioner data is local or a `RemotePartitionerWatcher` what watches the data from a remote server through rpc.

To initialize `LocalPartitionerWatcher`
```python
__init__(partitioner, delay, timeout)
```
* Description: initialize a `LocalPartitionerWatcher`
* Arguments:
    1. partitioner: the partitioner object to watch. It needs to have underlying storage of a `ProtoTableStorage`.
    2. delay: the seconds between each trial.
    3. timeout: the seconds of watch timeout.


To initialize `RemotePartitionerWatcher`
```python
__init__(partitioner, server_url, root_certificate, delay, timeout)
```
* Description: initialize a `RemotePartitionerWatcher`
* Arguments:
    1. partitioner_dir: the remote partitioner directory to watch. It needs to have underlying storage of a `ProtoTableStorage`.
    2. server_url: the remote server url.
    3. root_certificate: the root_certificate for authentication.
    4. delay: the seconds between each trial.
    5. timeout: the seconds of watch timeout.

    
Both `LocalPartitionerWatcher` and `RemotePartitionerWatcher` have the following implementations:
```python
watch_key(key)
```
* Description: watch for the appearance of the given key in the latest partition.
* Arguments:
    1. key: the key to watch.

Commit message:

add registry tool, add base_name as an arg for rpc io

doc/docs/tool.md, after:

PSLX provides a set of tools to assist development, and they include

1. Logging tool for ttl-ed logging.
2. File locker to ensure the atomic io of files.
3. LRU cache for caching.
4. SQL tool for connecting to SQL database and executing queries.          
5. Timeout tool to timeout a function in the main thread.        
6. Fetcher tool to fetch partitioned ProtoTable (whose values are of the same proto message type and keys are timestamps).
7. Watcher tool to fetch partitioned ProtoTable (whose values are of the same proto message type and keys are timestamps).
8. Registry tool to be used as decorators to register functions.

### Documentation for Logging Tool
To create a logging tool instance, please use
```python
__init__(name, date, ttl)
```
* Arguments:
    1. name: the name of the logger instance.
    2. date: the date that this logger is created, default to the current time.
    3. ttl: the ttl policy, default to be -1.

The logger supports multiple level logging, and one can call these by using the following functions

1. `info(string)`: for level = info.

2. `warning(string)`: for level = warning.
3. `debug(string)`: for level = debug.
4. `error(string)`: for level = error.

The logger output will be the format of 

`[initial_letter_of_logger_level logger_name file_name:line_number timestamp]: the logged information`

### Documentation for File Locker
FileLocker tool is used in combination within a with sentence, for instance for reading a file:
```python
with FileLocker(protected_file_path=file_name, read_mode=True):
    with open(file_name, 'r') as infile:
        ... ...
```
and for writing data to a file:
```python
with FileLocker(protected_file_path=file_name, read_mode=False):
    with open(file_name, 'w') as outfile:
        ... ...
```
FileLocker will raise error if the `protected_file_path` does not exist if `read_mode` is True.

### Documentation for Timeout Tool
The TimeoutTool can only be used in the main thread in the following way:
```python
with TimeoutTool(timeout=10):
    ... ...
```
then the enclosed program will time out after 10 seconds.

### Documentation for LRU Caching
LRU caching supports the following methods:
```python
__init__(max_capacity)
```
* Description: create a LRU cache with capacity equal max_capacity.
* Arguments:
    1. max_capacity: the maximum capacity of the LRU cache.

```python
get(key)
```
* Description: get the value stored in the key in the LRU cache.
* Arguments:
    1. key: the key of the value. If key is not found, the function will return None.
* Return: the value corresponding to the key.
    
```python
set(key, value)
```
* Description: set the key value pair to the cache.
* Arguments:
    1. key: the key of the pair to be inserted.
    2. value: the value of the pair to be inserted.

### Documentation for SQL Tool
SQL tool supports the following methods:
```python
__init__()
```
* Description: create an instance of the SQL tool.

```python
connect_to_database(credential, database)
```
* Description: connect to the database name with credential.
* Arguments:
    1. credential: the credential used to connect to the database.
    2. database: the name of the database that is going to be connected to.
    
```python
execute_query_str(query_str, modification)
```
* Description: execute the query string.
* Arguments:
    1. query_str: the string of the query to be executed.
    2. modification: boolean indicating whether the query will modify the database.
    
```python
execute_query_file(query_file, modification)
```
* Description: execute the query contained in a file.
* Arguments:
    1. query_file: the file that contains the query.
    2. modification: boolean indicating whether the query will modify the database.
    
Note that before executing any queries, please connect to a database first.

### Documentation for Fetcher Tool
Tool to fetch the latest, oldest data or data within a time range. This includes implementation of `LocalPartitionerFetcher`
 where the partitioner data is local or a `RemotePartitionerFetcher` what fetches the data from a remote server through rpc.

To initialize `LocalPartitionerFetcher`
```python
__init__(partitioner)
```
* Description: initialize a `LocalPartitionerFetcher`
* Arguments:
    1. partitioner: the partitioner object to fetch. It needs to have underlying storage of a `ProtoTableStorage`.


To initialize `RemotePartitionerFetcher`
```python
__init__(partitioner, server_url, root_certificate)
```
* Description: initialize a `RemotePartitionerFetcher`
* Arguments:
    1. partitioner_dir: the remote partitioner directory to fetch. It needs to have underlying storage of a `ProtoTableStorage`.
    2. server_url: the remote server url.
    3. root_certificate: the root_certificate for authentication.
    
Both `LocalPartitionerFetcher` and `RemotePartitionerFetcher` have the following implementations:
```python
fetch_latest()
```
* Description: fetch the latest data entry, sorted by the key.

```python
fetch_oldest()
```
* Description: fetch the oldest data entry, sorted by the key.


```python
fetch_range(start_time, end_time)
```
* Description: fetch the data whose key is within the range.


### Documentation for Watcher Tool
Tool to monitor a specific latest key. This includes implementation of `LocalPartitionerWatcher`
 where the partitioner data is local or a `RemotePartitionerWatcher` what watches the data from a remote server through rpc.

To initialize `LocalPartitionerWatcher`
```python
__init__(partitioner, delay, timeout)
```
* Description: initialize a `LocalPartitionerWatcher`
* Arguments:
    1. partitioner: the partitioner object to watch. It needs to have underlying storage of a `ProtoTableStorage`.
    2. delay: the seconds between each trial.
    3. timeout: the seconds of watch timeout.


To initialize `RemotePartitionerWatcher`
```python
__init__(partitioner, server_url, root_certificate, delay, timeout)
```
* Description: initialize a `RemotePartitionerWatcher`
* Arguments:
    1. partitioner_dir: the remote partitioner directory to watch. It needs to have underlying storage of a `ProtoTableStorage`.
    2. server_url: the remote server url.
    3. root_certificate: the root_certificate for authentication.
    4. delay: the seconds between each trial.
    5. timeout: the seconds of watch timeout.

    
Both `LocalPartitionerWatcher` and `RemotePartitionerWatcher` have the following implementations:
```python
watch_key(key)
```
* Description: watch for the appearance of the given key in the latest partition.
* Arguments:
    1. key: the key to watch.

### Documentation for Registry Tool
The registry tool can be used as a function decorator to store functions in a dictionary. The following code shows the simple usage of this tool:

```python
from pslx.tool.registry_tool import RegistryTool

registry = RegistryTool()
@registry.register("example_func")
def example_func(): 
    ... ...
```
